---
title: Objective 1
layout: wiki
permalink: /Objective_1/
---

**Objective 1 - Evil Intentions** is the first
[objective](/Objectives "wikilink") in the game. It is split into 5
seperate sub-objectives which gently lead the player into the basics of
base building, minion [training](/training "wikilink") via trainer
interrogation and fencing off low level [agents](/agents "wikilink").

Hints and Tips
==============

<i>The following section contains spoilers, including the full briefings
for each sub-objective and guides as to how to complete the tasks.</i>

General Hints
-------------

Be sure, right at the start, to increase your top minion count from 3 to
5 in the [minion management
screen](/Minion_Management_Screen "wikilink"). Also - don't worry about
invading agents - any that do come will not attack you unless you attack
them first. You may also wish to place another base entrance pointing
out towards the helipad to speed things up, but be careful to defend it
properly.

Sub-objective 1
---------------

### Briefing

"Ensure a healthy minion force by building a Barracks. You'll need at
least one Bunk Bed and Locker."

### Tips

This is a nice simple objective. Build the
[barracks](/barracks "wikilink") near the entrance to help speed things
up (there is little in there that will interest any invading agents).
Top tip: for every locker you build, your minion population level will
increase. Be sure to go into the minion management screen to increase
your level to about 30 and build loads of lockers to get a quickly built
workforce. You will need a bunkbed too, but be fair and give them a
couple!

Sub-objective 2
---------------

### Briefing

"Before you can send minions around the world to carry out Acts of
Infamy, you need to construct a Control Room to help filter information.
Make sure you have at least one Control Console and one Memory Bank."

### Tips

Again, the objective brief spells out what you need to do. The [control
room](/Control_Room "wikilink") needs to be placed further in - you
won't have a sprawling base yet, but put it at the end of a longish
corridor to allow space for [traps](/traps "wikilink") and doors to
block agents. When you have one of each type (you may wish to place two
of each for future use) the World Domination Screen will become active,
which you are welcome to explore as you wish (hell - why not try one of
the Acts Of Infamy?). Top tip: You will not get any agents come to your
island during the first objective, so use this time to get a stockpile
of cash for later on. Be warned, though, that as soon as you enter
[Objective 2](/Objective_2 "wikilink"), your high heat will cause you
major grief!

Sub-objective 3
---------------

### Briefing

"It seems you are under scrutiny even before you begin. Somewhere on the
island are some pesky investigators, tipped off of your arrival.
Eliminate them!"

### Tips

Your first taste of combat, and it's a pathetic group of individuals
that you are up against. Your henchman will be able to pick them all off
easily enough, so click on him and then right click an agent. Top tip:
Alternativly, hold "left CTRL", right click on, and select the kill tag.
They will all be tagged as a group and nearby minions will kill them.

You will be given the [freezer room](/Freezer "wikilink") when one dies
- place this deep in your base and your minions will move the bodies
automatically.

Sub-objective 4
---------------

### Briefing

"Reports indicate that trained civilians are holidaying on the island.
Capture and imprison a maid in a security holding cell."

### Tips

This mission will only appear once all the previous three have been
completed. Place the recently acquired [armoury](/armoury "wikilink")
with a cell in it (again, away from the entrance). Then search around
for the \[maid\]\], who will be wondering around your island (whilst
probably wondering why on earth she went on holiday here, alone and in
her maid uniform). Do not kill her (but if you do, another will come).
Right click on her, select the capture tag, and then summon your
henchman over to her by left clicking on him, then right clicking on
her. She will be taken to the cell.

Sub-objective 5
---------------

### Briefing

"The civilian maid could yield useful information to your men.
Interrogate her to train up an advanced minion."

### Tips

Once the maid is captured, you will be awarded the [interrogation
chair](/Interrogation_Chair "wikilink") as one of the armoury objects.
Place this down in the armoury. Then, right click on the cell the maid
is in, select the interrogate option, and click on the chair. This is a
little tricky (you may use the wrong button, for instance). If no-one
comes to interrogare her (or if the tag above her doesn't change), then
try again. Once she is in the chair, enjoy the cool interrogation
sequence, and revel in the fact that not only has your construction
worker been transformed into a valet, but that Objective 1 is over!

See Also
========

-   [Objective 2](/Objective_2 "wikilink") - the next objective
-   [Objectives](/Objectives "wikilink") - an overview of the objectives
-   [:Category:Objectives](/:Category:Objectives "wikilink") - the
    category listing all the objectives

[Category:Objectives](/Category:Objectives "wikilink")