---
title: Objective 2
layout: wiki
permalink: /Objective_2/
---

**Objective 2 - Head of the Underworld** is the second
[objective](/Objectives "wikilink") in the game. It is split into 7
seperate sub-objectives which continue to lead the player building their
base, capturing further trainers and fending off reasonably difficult
[agents](/agents "wikilink").

Hints and Tips
==============

<i>The following section contains spoilers, including the full briefings
for each sub-objective and guides as to how to complete the tasks.</i>

General Hints
-------------

At the start you may want to start throwing minions into the world map
to steal cash but, unless you are skint, don't rush to do this. There
are plenty of things to get going with on the island, especially as you
will have been given the training room (place down a few of all three
training objects), the staff room, the inner sanctum, the power room and
a couple more.

Ensure you are bringing in all the workers you are allowed by checking
that the total number of construction workers wanted is higher than the
number of minions you are allowed on the minion management screen
(ignore the verbal warning). Get a power plant built fairly quick with a
generator (but don't worry for now about capacitators). Place one of
each type of room in a design which appeals to you, and be sure, in the
minion management screen to prepare for new minion types by increasing
the number of valets, technicians and guards wanted to around 5 of each
(assuming you have a total number allowed of around 30 minions -
increase your number of lockers if not). Agents will start to appear at
regular intevals if you have any form of heat on the world map, so be
prepared to deal with them (although if you are sensible you will have
little problem with them. You don't get any objectives asking you to
build traps, so feel free to make them when you feel you need to. At
some point you will need to start earning cash, so place around 5
minions in central America, a few in Europe and a few in the Middle East
(each of these areas have high stealing values). Be sure they are set to
steal, not plot. Note too, that they will eventually be picked off by
agents, so keep sending more when this happens.

There are also no objectives to specifically get any more minion types,
so do this yourself by plotting in South America and in the Far East for
the guard hostage and the technician hostage. Each of these AOI's
require 4 construction workers (send 5 to be sure) and if succesful will
send the hostages to the island. Be sure to get them from your cells,
interrogate them, and start more training before they die (which means
having to capture a new hostage). Overall, take all these
missions/objectives slowly - there is a lot to learn.

Sub-objective 1
---------------

### Briefing

"Crime Lords, just like Evil Geniuses, are impressed by shows of wealth.
You need somewhere suitably ostentatious to host this gathering of
criminal masterminds. Build an Inner Sanctum and Conference Table in
preparation for this nefarious delegation."

### Tips

This is a very basic mission - to place down the room and the object
listed. Don't worry about rushing to do it (money will be at a premium
now!), as the Crime Lords will just hang around until it is built. At
some point you'll need to make it, however, so get it planned out and
your minions will get around to it.

Sub-objective 2
---------------

### Briefing

"Rumor has it that all of Indian Subcontinent is controlled by one man -
Armand Krishnan. He has many nefarious plots and intrigues, mostly
concerning corruption of local government officials. Track him down and
encourage him to come to bend to our way of thinking."

### Tips

See <i>sub-objective 4</i>

Sub-objective 3
---------------

### Briefing

"Marvin de Luca the nefarious Mafia don of all North America is a
powerful man, but with too much hubris. He must be made to respect true
power and authority."

### Tips

See <i>sub-objective 4</i>

Sub-objective 4
---------------

### Briefing

"The inscrutible Lei Ying Lo is the undisputed head of organized crime
across China and Southeast Asia. Track him down and send out a party to
show him we mean business."

### Tips

Sub-objectives 2, 3 and 4 are very similar, and require you to simply
plot to find the AOI on the World Map and perform it. Armand Krishnan is
in India (yellow section, right of Middle East). Marvin de Luca is in
the West Cost of the USA (I think!). Lei Ying is near where the
technician hostage is. For each send three construction workers to
uncover them. Each AOI will required different types of minions, so be
sure you have at least 5 of valets, technicnians and guards for this
purpose. Send them to the correct places as defined in the AOI brief and
start the AOI. Crime Bosses will go directly to your Inner Sanctum upon
completing the AOI.

Sub-objective 5
---------------

### Briefing

"Nikita Leonov, the notorious butcher of St. Petersburg has arrived here
on your very island, but he is refusing to acknowledge your authority. A
good battering in the Mess Hall Counter's Big Mixing Bowl should bring
him round to your way of thinking."

### Tips

Nikita appears on your island (black guy with an cool afro), so when
this mission appears spend a bit of time looking around your island to
give them a kicking (use capture tag). You may want to use a special
henchman power if you have one available, or use his basic power to
summon nearby minions to help knock out this formidable guy. Your
version of the mission text may simply say "mix him up", so if you are
confused, then check out my updated version for the hint - you need to
interrogate him (once captured) with the mixing bowl that comes as part
of the messhall counter (expensive version). Be sure to make this room
if you don't have it made already! After a good deal of time in the
bowl, he will head off to the Inner Sanctum too.

Sub-objective 6
---------------

### Briefing

"Nigel Ewing, the CIA agent, has since gone rogue and is now the ruler
of all criminal activities on the African continent. He was last seen
cruising off down the Nile with a vast shipment of arms and a veritable
army of loyal tribesmen. He won't be easy to find and makes a point of
only seeing seriously connected Criminals. If you aren't notorious
enough, you'll never find him!"

### Tips

This guy is harder to find then to actually persaude to come. You will
need around 75 notoriety, so be sure to start doing some of the other
random objectives you will have come across on the World Map (especially
ones which give you loot or buildings (such as the Library Blueprints
AOI). Keep doing this. At around 75 notoriety, start looking for Nigel
in the North Africa / Middle East where you will soon catch up with him.
Send over the required minions to bring him home. Top tip: Don't do this
if your base is under heavy attack. You can wait for your heat to go
down and your minion levels to rise (notoriety rarely drops, if you keep
your loot safe). The next mission requires some serious defence, so be
prepared to deal with it before completing this one.

Sub-objective 7
---------------

### Briefing

"Bob 'Barking' Caine, the respected organized crime boss from the East
End of London is the last of the major crime bosses. He isn't going down
without a fight, reports indicate that fighters loyal to his cause will
be landing on our shores very shortly. We must show him who is boss,
crush his men and bring him to heel!"

### Tips

This is not an easy mission, but if you followed my hint in the last
mission and waited to build a decent army of guards (get at least 10)
then this is not so bad. Bob's men will arrive in three batches of 6
agents, arring via the dock and via dingy beyond the helipad. Get your
henchman over there along with some minions (use henchman's "summon
minions" ability). As they are coming off the dingy, you can pick them
off one by one if you are well prepared. Not many other hints to give,
other than to keep going, keep your EG safely away and try not to let
them in the base! Good luck!

See Also
========

-   [Objective 3](/Objective_3 "wikilink") - the next objective
-   [Objectives](/Objectives "wikilink") - an overview of the objectives
-   [:Category:Objectives](/:Category:Objectives "wikilink") - the
    category listing all the objectives

[Category:Objectives](/Category:Objectives "wikilink")